animal1.jpg animal2.jpg lion left
animal6.jpg animal3.jpg elephant right
animal6.jpg animal7.jpg rhino right
animal4.jpg animal10.jpg camel right
animal16.jpg animal11.jpg koala left
animal39.jpg animal25.jpg cobra left
animal35.jpg animal43.jpg ox right
animal17.jpg animal40.jpg seal left
animal45.jpg animal18.jpg dog left
animal27.jpg animal13.jpg polar.bear right
animal46.jpg animal47.jpg parrot left
animal49.jpg animal48.jpg lamb right
animal50.jpg animal51.jpg eagle right
animal52.jpg animal53.jpg fly left
animal55.jpg animal54.jpg rabbit right
animal56.jpg animal57.jpg shark right
animal58.jpg animal59.jpg octopus left
animal32.jpg animal19.jpg deer right
animal40.jpg animal60.jpg walrus left
animal42.jpg animal49.jpg ram right
animal56.jpg animal61.jpg whale right
animal62.jpg animal36.jpg cow left
animal64.jpg animal63.jpg flamingo right
animal8.jpg animal65.jpg lizard right
animal30.jpg animal31.jpg hyena left
animal66.jpg animal67.jpg goose right
animal68.jpg animal69.jpg hamster left
animal70.jpg animal38.jpg lobster left
animal44.jpg animal49.jpg sheep left
animal24.jpg animal37.jpg sloth right